Adapt Bokeh logo for dark theme and add docs badge in README.md (#12659)
bokeh/bokeh: README.md

> <p align="center">
>   <picture>
>     <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bokeh/pm/main/assets/logos/SVG/bokeh-logo-black-text-no-padding.svg">
>     <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bokeh/pm/main/assets/logos/SVG/bokeh-logo-white-text-no-padding.svg">
>     <img alt="Bokeh logo -- text is white in dark theme and black in light theme" width="30%"/>
>   </picture>
> </p>

Author: ```suggestion
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bokeh/pm/main/assets/logos/SVG/bokeh-logo-black-text-no-padding.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bokeh/pm/main/assets/logos/SVG/bokeh-logo-white-text-no-padding.svg">
  <img alt="Bokeh logo -- text is white in dark theme and black in light theme" height=60/>
</picture>
```

Reviewer: LGTM!

Reviewer 2: I think you should keep the `src="https://whatever-the-black-text-logo-is.svg"` in the `<img ...>` tag for backward compatibility. Otherwise old browsers that don't understand the `prefers-color-scheme` media query won't display any logo at all.

Then, strictly speaking, you don't need the `prefers-color-scheme: light` line as it is duplicating the same image that is in the `<img src=...>` tag.

Author: Shall do! Thank you, Ian!
